README.md, before:

# ELEN 3801 Signals and Systems
Exam Cheat Sheets

Please obtain the author's permission before sharing this with others.

Feel free to use this skeleton to customize your own cheat sheet.

A few notes:
1. This cheat sheet assumes a sufficient understanding of the material. It may skip trivial definitions or proofs.
2. I only hard-code practice problems when I think their result is critical.
3. For definite integrals, $$\int$$ implies $$\int_{-\infty}^{\infty}$$. For sums, $$\sum$$ implies $$\sum_{n=-\infty}^{\infty}$$ or $$\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}$$.
4. For block diagrams, arrows are assumed to point to summers. Otherwise they are assumed from left to right.
4. To save space, $$\sin$$ and $$\cos$$ may be abbreviated as s and c, respectively.
5. Additional comments are in the `.tex` file to highlight critical details.
6. In the `.tex` file, I abbreviate frequently used symbols and commands.

Future work if you are interested
1. Tikz the block diagrams
2. align* all equations while fitting everything to 4 pages
3. Graph out some sample problems

Good luck!

Commit message:

Polished everything after system realization TODO: update higher-resolution graphs better written AM part other notes specify bound in proofs, don't oversimplify yourself

README.md, after:

# ELEN 3801 Signals and Systems
Exam Cheat Sheets

Please obtain my permission before sharing this with others.

Feel free to use this skeleton to customize your own cheat sheet.

## Content
This cheat sheet aims for a complete coverage of the material while also optimizing for readability and fast access.

### What's included
- Definitions, properties, proofs
- Common algebraic, trignometric, complex identities 
- Integral, convolution, FS, FT, LT table
- Hard-coded problems that are frequenly used or corner cases
- Trivial yet conveinient formula (E. $$\sin(n\pi) = 0$$)
- Concepts and problems in the book that are not (specifically) covered in class
- Additional highlighting instructions in the `.tex` file

### What's NOT included
- Trivial steps in proofs (E. most proofs by simple u-sub)
- General in-class/homework problems, as they can be quickly solved by using the correct formula.
- Guarentee of correctness/complete coverage

## Format
1. For definite integrals, $$\int$$ implies $$\int_{-\infty}^{\infty}$$. For sums, $$\sum$$ implies $$\sum_{n=-\infty}^{\infty}$$ or $$\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}$$.
2. For block diagrams, arrows are assumed to point to summers. Otherwise they are from left to right. The left side is the input $$F(s)$$, and the right side is the output $$Y(s)$$.
3. To save space, $$\sin$$ and $$\cos$$ may be abbreviated as s and c, respectively.
4. Frequently used symbols and commands are abbreaviated in the `.tex` file to save my pinky finger :)
5. Unfortunately I did not boldface complex variables. You may want to denote them by a tilde
6. $$\equiv$$ typically denotes definition (often temporary in this document), or highlights that something is predefined.

## Future work if you are interested
1. TikZ the block diagrams
2. `align*` all equations while fitting everything to 4 pages
3. Graph out some sample problems

Good luck!
